whatever gosh love to join me at the
beach have to shape for you hey what's
up you guys Fred Han I'm back for my
first mode showcase so today I'm gonna
be reviewing a mod called Beach mode so
as you can see I got my lovely Beach
stand over here and let's go to the mod
review so basically what what this mod
adds is strong letter first of all and
then you make it you use it to make that
blue letter and with the blue layer
you're gonna craft your amazing
swimsuits
that I can see right here so let me just
explain how you do that alright so here
we got a chest offend it was meant to
make it look symmetrical again it's
empty and I don't want to look I want to
look pretty you know for you guys so
first of all to craft this wrong letter
you're gonna have to put letter in the
crafting table in the shape of like when
you craft the chest you know you put the
wood the student is same with letter and
you get 12 strong letter do strong
okay I'm back sorry I had to cut there
so what are you gonna need to do to make
a blue letter is he gonna have to make a
you're gonna have to get a lapis or not
that not the block lapiz or put it in
the middle and then surround it with
strong letter but here's the catch on
the corners there will be no strong
there so remember that I do want one
more and then you get four blue line
until you get enough you know what I'm
talking about okay so next we're gonna
go on do what do you want
females little swimsuit I mean bikini
with water so let's go to the mayor
first cuz it's simpler simpler simpler
so basically male is just like crafting
a normal clothes RN gold whatever it's
the same exactly the same so let's just
take all the leggings and body and the
booties and the helmet and wear it on
and put it on why not know how you'd run
with it and put it on and see how it
goes but die just look sexy oh yeah look
at that booties I personally like the
female better he walked in it I guess
the mode maker walking it a little more
I'm just gonna show you how to craft a
female version outfit banging aah
so to craft the helmet which is
basically hair you're gonna have to make
a helmet shape blue leather on that
graphic table and then in the middle
bottom in the middle you're gonna have
to push drink and what you're gonna get
is a blue bikini helmet right here we
got this and then to make the bikini top
you're gonna have to put right up side
helmet if you know what I mean on the
top two corners you're gonna have to put
blue leather and then the middle of all
leather if you know what I'm talking
about
why'd I say it is so much to make up
this is next no legs maybe to make this
one you're gonna have to put letter on
the top corners top two corners right
like that and on the bottom middle
you're gonna have the place to let it on
the middle middle and on the bottom
middle if you know what I'm talking
about
hey stay away and watch for this macho
case but last night lays the buoys with
the most opponent let's save the most
important for the last you're gonna have
to take two string and put it on the top
corners the left and right if you forgot
what size they are and then under unsane
doing the same just graph normal booties
on the bottom is on the top you put
string and on the bottom you craft
booties and then you get damn booty so
now let's see how that looks on me even
though his thoughts are already in
danger but let's just take a quick look
so basically you'll only sitting here
waiting for your part of life but I'm
ugly
still never got one so baby that was my
first motion case let me know if you
want to see me doing more I'll see you
guys in the next Boat Show case changing
that dude I'm trying to imagine what a
train going on him had - dad - dad - dad
- dad - dad - dad - dad would answered
all the TV